feat: capability to cache images locally (#1692)
GetStream/stream-chat-react-native: docusaurus/docs/reactnative/basics/offline_support.mdx

  QuickSqliteClient.resetDB();
  chatClient.disconnectUser();
  ```

## How To Cache Images

> Chat React Native SDK replies on default caching provided by react-native (avatars, image attachments, url preview etc) by default.
> Although its not really perfect and you might see a lot of images missing while operating app in offline mode.
> But its easy to replace all the underlying usage of [`Image`](https://reactnative.dev/docs/next/image) component using one
> simple prop on `Chat` component - `ImageComponent`
> You can provide a custom component to display image which handles caching and has the same API as react-native's `Image` component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our SDK relies on the default caching provided by React Native (avatars, image attachments, URL preview, etc.).
This default solution is far from perfect, and you might see a lot of images missing while operating the app in offline mode.
We provide a convenient solution to replace all the underlying usage of the [`Image`](https://reactnative.dev/docs/next/image) component using the `ImageComponent` prop on the `Chat` component.
Use the `ImageComponent` prop to provide a custom component that handles caching and has the same API as react-native's `Image` component.
```

There are plenty of libraries available for this purpose:

- [`react-native-fast-image`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-native-fast-image)
- [`react-native-progressive-fast-image`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@freakycoder/react-native-progressive-fast-image)
- [`react-native-cached-image`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-native-cached-image)

> **NOTE**: Due to technical limitations, viewing images in full screen (image viewer) in offline mode is not currently supported.

> Following example demonstrates the usage of react-native-fast-image library to handle caching of images in chat:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example demonstrates the usage of `react-native-fast-image` library to handle the caching of images in chat:
```
